Come on.
Congratulations to Lord Sword Master for breaking through Kendo 10,000 level
It's easy to break through
What about what I asked you to do?
Report to Lord Jianzun
All the cash from the world's wealthy families has been kidnapped
Bring it all up
Bring it all up.
Teammates, hurry up, hurry up
Hurry up hurry up
Come on.
Don't kill me don't kill me
Shut up
Who is the richest daughter in China?
Let go of me, my dad won't let you go
As expected of the first beauty in the Dragon Kingdom
It really is beautiful
Don't touch me don't touch you can call your dad
Let him take all the wealth of the Nongshan Group
Transfer to our organization
Who are you?
What are you trying to do?
It seems necessary to introduce you to it
My name is Jianzun
The leader of the world's super terrorist ship organization
I brought you here today to develop
I'm out of money. I want some money from you.
Including those in your family who are willing to pay can live
Otherwise, your family?
Never hear the news
What a crazy tone
Did you ever ask me who was who?